{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Copy Footage from Rhombus Cameras to pre-defined location onsite or offsite storage\
\
Understanding the parser/inputs:\
- -api_key , -a : This parser relates to the Rhombus API that needs to get created in the Rhombus console. This can be found in \'91API Management\'92 in the Rhombus console. This is required to run the program. \
\
- -cert, -c : This parser relates to the Rhombus Certification that needs to get created in the Rhombus console. This can be found in \'91API Management\'92 in the Rhombus console. This is not required to run the program. \
\
- -private_key, -p : This parser relates to the Rhombus private API key that needs to get created in the Rhombus console. This can be found in \'91API Management\'92 in the Rhombus console. This is not required to run the program. \
\
- -start_time, -s: This is the start time of when you want the recording to start in epoch seconds. To learn more about epoch here is a converter site.  https://www.epochconverter.com/\
\
- -duration, -u: This is the duration time in seconds for how long you would like the video clip to run.\
\
- -debug, -g: This is to debug and run through the program to fix any issues. \
\
- -usewan, -w: This gives you the ability to upload footage and run the program while offsite. \
\
- -location_uuid, -loc: Here you enter in the UUID associated with the location to specify copying of the footage for a entire location. You can find this UUID by using the endpoint in our API here: https://apidocs.rhombussystems.com/reference/getlocations\
\
- -camer_uuid, -cam: Here you enter in the UUID associated with the camera to specify copying of the footage for a single camera. You can find this UUID by using the endpoint in our API here: https://apidocs.rhombussystems.com/reference/getcameraconfig\
}